ready boy
whose voice certainly not me looks like
I took over the police and the entire
city with my Luther troopers no one can
cross me oh yeah
no not you anybody but ah that's right
Luthor it's me the Blue Beetle Blue
Beetle insert theme song here oh is that
all you got
Luthor huh nope bizarro come give him a
hug Zoey you're strong but I can
outsmart you what's one plus one Oh
uncle fused me confused too
no yeah I got more for you attack him
Oh No mirror master and weather wizard
flashes Rowe galleries villain yeah
those guys fine I could take you guys oh
yeah I bet you cannot take me
ooh I can make it rain or would you
rather for it to snow
wow that's inappropriate I got him from
the back
that's what he said no means no curse
you blew the beetle yeah looks like I
defeated all the supervillains not all
the supervillains Raven wait but your
superhero well you did steal my best
friend's heart so that in my book means
your criminal so be it man what a
strange dream hey buster
man I had this weird oh oh well I'm not
needed here I guess I can go home now
wait sir
Buster you have mail you have mail you
have mail it's urgent
boss Skeets how many times up to tell
you stop interrupting me a raven a time
what just stare into each other's eye oh
wait it's urgent
yeah it's for you and mr. cord both of
us huh let's check this out now here it
is it says urgent the city would like to
celebrate blue beetles and booster
gold's contribution in her roar
the ceremony will be held at the iceburg
Club see below for details finally I get
to be recognized for being awesome
I don't know booster something is
strange about that message I have to
agree with the dark figure in the
shadows it might be a trap in fact it's
at a known super villain hangout spot
dad's probably changed by now
besides I'm always up for going clubbing
clubbing did someone say partake why am
I so itchy I have it going through the
club party all night it's really cold in
here let's go and get on the dance floor
sure boy you can be our backup I'm going
too
in either case I'd like to be there to
support you booster I would love for you
to join me m'lady yeah I'm gonna be sick
don't think that I will let you get away
from me so easily
oh you miss me like the body missus
blood like a zombie mrs. brain can
someone grab a mop cuz I just puked all
over the floor just now man I wish
Draven were here with me I'm miss Raven
would you shut up about her already it's
awfully darkening in this club you know
what else is dark we're even she's
pretty dark and she's pretty
shut up this is obviously a trap or or a
surprise party
shut up oh that's not good ah but it is
good this is all for you tell them